fix: microsoftAuth accessToken allow multiple scopes for a single resource (#17805)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/hungry-countries-enjoy.md

---
'@backstage/core-app-api': patch
---

> Fixed bug in microsoftAuth preventing access tokens with multiple scopes for one resource

Reviewer: Vale is picky
```suggestion
Fixed a bug in the Azure auth provider which prevented getting access tokens with multiple scopes for one resource
```
